README.md, before:

# NAND2TET-1-Dark
One Dark Syntax Theme for Notepad++

![Npp-1-Dark](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/screenshot.jpg)
> A close replica of the Atom **`One Dark`** syntax theme in **`Notepad++`**.

### Theme Installation:
1. Download [**`Npp-1-Dark.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/Npp-1-Dark.xml), which was created by [**`60ss`**](https://github.com/60ss/Npp-1-Dark).
2. Run **`Notepad++`** as administrator.
3. Open `Setting -> Import -> Import style theme(s)`.
4. Choose **`Npp-1-Dark.xml`**.
5. Open `Settings -> Style Configurator` and Select theme **`Npp-1-Dark`**.
6. Click `Save & Close`.

### NAND2TET Syntax Highlighting Installation:
1. Download [**`hdl.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/hdl.xml), [**`hack.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/hack.xml), [**`vm.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/vm.xml), [**`jack.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/jack.xml), [**`tst.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/tst.xml).
2. Open `Language -> Define your language...`.
3. Click `Import` and Choose **`hdl.xml`**, **`hack.xml`**, **`vm.xml`**, **`jack.xml`**, **`tst.xml`**.
4. Click `Open`.
4. Restart **`Notepad++`**.

Commit message:

Added options for other editors

README.md, after:

# NAND2TET-1-Dark
One Dark Syntax Theme for Notepad++, with matching NAND2TET syntax highlighting.

![Npp-1-Dark](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/screenshot.jpg)
> A close replica of the Atom **`One Dark`** syntax theme in **`Notepad++`**.

### Theme Installation:
1. Download [**`Npp-1-Dark.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/Npp-1-Dark.xml), which was created by [**`60ss`**](https://github.com/60ss/Npp-1-Dark).
2. Run **`Notepad++`** as administrator.
3. Open `Setting -> Import -> Import style theme(s)`.
4. Choose **`Npp-1-Dark.xml`**.
5. Open `Settings -> Style Configurator` and Select theme **`Npp-1-Dark`**.
6. Click `Save & Close`.

### NAND2TET Syntax Highlighting Installation:
1. Download [**`hdl.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/hdl.xml), [**`hack.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/hack.xml), [**`vm.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/vm.xml), [**`jack.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/jack.xml), [**`tst.xml`**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AvivYaish/NAND2TET-1-Dark/master/tst.xml).
2. Open `Language -> Define your language...`.
3. Click `Import` and Choose **`hdl.xml`**, **`hack.xml`**, **`vm.xml`**, **`jack.xml`**, **`tst.xml`**.
4. Click `Open`.
4. Restart **`Notepad++`**.

### Other Editors
- [VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=loyio.Nand2Tetris-vscode)
- [VIM](https://github.com/sevko/vim-nand2tetris-syntax)
